The more, you know, the more, you know, you don't know Aristotle.
I love that quote. I think that the world would improve.
If more people embrace that and understood that, you know,
we all think we know everything, but unfortunately that's just not true.
And the more people that realize this and seek truth for themselves,
they'll learn that holy crap, I don't know much at all.
And I firmly believe that this whole world would improve far quicker than we
ever thought possible.
If philosophy was taught to children from the grade school level on up,
if we spent less time on crazy math formulas,
and I'm not saying we shouldn't teach math and less time or more time focusing
on teaching people, how to be less materialistic,
to be less ego-driven into embracing more Selfoss selfless
philosophy. Like I said,
the world improved far quicker than we ever thought possible.
And this reminds me and leads me into my next quote, involving communication.
The single biggest problem in communication is the illusion that has taken
place. George Bernard Shaw. And I would argue that well,
communication has always been and probably always will be humanity's greatest
obstacle that well, what we think at the time of what we say,
usually doesn't always, uh, well, let messages aren't always delivered.
And it's funny. We're in 2017,
we have more abilities in technical technological capabilities of communicating
than we've ever had. And yet it seems like communication is getting worse.
People are they're hearing, but they're not listening.
They're their ears are registering a sound,
but they're not processing the information they're receiving.
They're not considering, uh,
an empathetic point of view or picturing themselves in the other person's shoes
for just a second and to listen and process what they're trying to tell them.
And even we see these issues in text messaging or emails that, you know,
someone tries to say something just right,
and it just gets taken completely out of them, just the wrong direction.
We know this there's so much drama in this world. We've all seen it.
And like I mentioned earlier, another big problem is materialism greed.
It's like we have this ego-driven desire to just accumulate more things and
where our whole society,
at least in Western society for that matter is all about getting the next best
thing, buying things, you know, look at me, look what I'm wearing.
Look at my purse. Look at my car,
look at my house in the neighborhood I live in.
I'm not saying that buying things isn't fun and a bad thing at all,
but we have gotten into a point. Most people I would argue where, you know,
people have spending addictions. People are always,
they're not enjoying their lives like they could and make no mistake that the
desire for materialism is leading to many people's demise. It's leasing,
leading to depression and allowing themselves to slave at work.
And this reminds me of a quote by Eric from greed is a bottomless pit,
which exhausts the person in an endless effort to satisfy the need without ever
reaching satisfaction. It's true.
People buy things and they're always wanting the next best thing. Oh man,
it's a real big problem. And this leads me into another quote,
which is quite funny by comedian George Carlin, the late comedian George Carlin,
who stated trying be happy by accumulating possessions is like trying to satisfy
hunger by taping sandwiches all over your body. It's true.
Now in the title of this video,
I stated that these would be thought provoking quotes.
So this one is definitely, this might rub some people the wrong way,
but it will get people thinking.
People sometimes rationalize their greed by saying that is all for the good of
their children, but this is nothing but an excuse.
They use to make their despicable actions at pure respectable and
praiseworthy Democritus. And he said this a few thousand years ago. I mean,
that is true. I mean,
it really is so many people will spend all their time working and ignore their
families,
which causes incredible suffering for children in their upbringing or that
people, you know, in corporate America.
And I've seen this myself where people will step on other people to get to where
they want to be. And it can be very ruthless, very doggy dog.
I'm more friendlier way of putting it is by Joseph Campbell.
I think a person who takes a job in order to live that is to say for the money
has turned himself into a slave work begins when you don't like what you're
doing. There's a, why saying make your hobby, your source of income.
Then there's no such thing as work.
And then there's no such thing as getting tired. That's been my experience.
I did just what I wanted to do.
It takes a little courage at first because who the hell wants you to do?
Just what you want to do. They've all got a lot of plans for you,
but you can make it happen. Joseph Campbell, I am living this philosophy.
Now I've chosen to become a professional YouTuber.
I have a master's of business and I decided midway through that two year program
that corporate America was gonna bring me nothing but suffering. I was,
I was driving myself crazy from my prior job. And it's like, so look,
anything's possible. Get creative. We all have creativity and imagination.
So whatever your hobby is, whatever you spent hours doing when you were a kid,
this is what Joseph or excuse me, Carl Young said, by the way,
that should be what you spend your earthly time doing.
You could find ways to make money doing it.
A lot of this falls in line with what Plato said for a man to conquer himself as
the first and noblest of all victories. Guys, we have so many desires.
We have so many ambitions. We allow our egos to get the best of us.
I've discussed this a lot in my other videos about taming,
the animal that ultimately we all have issues as a species.
The human brain is one hell of a thing, but we're brought into this environment,
our society, like I said earlier, this is what it thrives on.
This is what we're born into. So take this quote from Ralph Waldo Emerson,
to be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else
is the greatest accomplishment. So true.
Everyone's trying to be just like everyone else.
Everyone's trying to fit in guys. That's crazy. It really is Gracie.
You don't want to be the one that stands out.
And you're the weirdo all of a sudden, but man, that is,
that is the direction of happiness. And that reminds me. We, in this society,
you have people, you know, these social justice warriors, you see them on TV,
people that are fighting for something that they believe in and in the process,
they go crazy. The cost themselves and others, so much suffering.
And part of the issue,
and this ties back to Play-Doh is take what a Jordan Peterson said,
clean your room.
What he's referring to is that we all have problems and you're not going to be
able to help the world or other people until you address your own issues until
you look within, fix your problems, clean your own room up, so to speak,
which brings me to Socrates.
The secret of change is to focus all of your energy, not on fighting the old,
but on building the new, this worked for a lot of people. In fact,
Steve jobs spoke about this. People have an intuitive feeling on what's right?
And what isn't. So spend all of your time building on what's right?
As opposed to fighting the old, I mean take for example, Dr. Martin Luther king,
he understood this darkness cannot drive out darkness.
Only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out. Hate. Only love can do that.
And oh my God, did that not work. Absolutely. You know, it's like,
you look at black lives matter.
And these people that just raised violence and hatred, and it's like, look,
look at what Dr. Martin Luther king did.
He said that we were only going to love others. No matter how people treat us,
what they say to us, what we do to us, we are going to embrace them with love.
And it worked. Did it not.
He changed the course of history for the entire country forever.
Now I just mentioned truth a second ago. So this brings me into my next quote.
Many people,
especially ignorant people want to punish you for speaking the truth for being
correct for being,
you never apologize for being correct or for being years ahead of your time.
If you're right and you know it, speak your mind, speak your mind.
Even if you are a minority of one, the truth is still the truth.
Mohandas Gandhi. That actually leads me into something that Marcus Cicero said.
I have always been of the opinion that unpopularity earned by doing what is
right, is not on popularity at all, but glory.
Now this leads me into my last few quotes,
which all have to do with being present and living in the moment.
Pythagoras said the art of living happily is to live in the present,
but he's not the only one that has stated this. The future is a concept.
It doesn't exist. There is no such thing as tomorrow.
There never will be because time is always.
Now that's one of the things we discover when we stop talking to ourselves and
stop thinking, we find there is only the present only in internal now,
Alan Watts, which of course reminds me of Eckert.
Totally humans are never fully present in the now because unconsciously,
they believe that the next moment must be more important than this one,
but then you miss your whole life, which has never not now for real,
I cannot begin to tell you how much my life has improved.
Once I started embracing this philosophy of living in the present moment.
It's true. There is no tomorrow. There is no yesterday. Yes.
Tomorrow will come yesterday. Yesterday happened, of course,
but it's always right this instant.
And we spent so much time thinking about the future.
About the past that we drive ourselves crazy.
We spend our lives not enjoying it because you can't enjoy it when you're lost
in your thoughts like that. I know this and it's something you can practice on.
Believe me.
I highly recommend you look into the works of accurate totally and Alan Watson.
And in fact, this leads me into one last quote,
and I'm going back to Joseph Gamble. Again, you are the hero of your own story,
Joseph Gamble. It's amazing.
And how many people have been influenced by this quote, myself included. I mean,
that's something I'm embracing live your life. I mean, guys,
map out your life on what it would be.
If you had to write a story and a venture story,
what would it be become that guys, you know, life is short,
but you can become anything.
You're the power of your intentions and the will to power can not be overstated.
I've discussed this in other videos, embrace this.
This has worked for many other people. We all have choices. Nothing's easy.
You need courage, but you can do it. So anyways, guys, I'm Jimmy.
This is bright insight like, and subscribe, leave me a comment.
And I have many other videos to come real soon. Take care, everybody.